.TH GHB-pulls 1 "GHB Mannual" "" "GitHub in Terminal"
.SH NAME
ghb-pulls \- Operating on GitHub pull requests in a GHB repository
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ghb pulls
.IR        [open | closed | all | label=LABEL | id=ID]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This command will fetch all or particular pull request(s) from GHB repository. In case of offline usage, last fetched data will be used. The information will be rendered in terminal with markdown.
.PP
.BR Note:
Current directory must be initialzed as GHB repository first to use this command.
.SH OPTION
.TP
.IR open
- All pull requests at that repository that are currently opened, i.e., un-resolved.
.TP
.IR closed
- All pull requests at that repository that are currently closed, i.e., resolved.
.TP
.IR all
- All pull requests at that repository, irrespective of current status.
.TP
.IR label=LABEL
- Only those pull requests which have
.B LABEL
in their labels.
.TP
.IR id=ID
- Only that particular issue whose id is
.B ID
.SH EXAMPLE
.IP \(bu 4
Fetch all pull requests from GHB source repository
.LP
        $
.B
ghb pulls all
.SH VERSION
.B 1.4.0
- For more details: https://www.npmjs.com/package/ghb
.SH LICENSE
.B Copyright © 2017 Progyan Bhattacharya, Bytes Club
.PP
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
.PP
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.
.PP
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
.SH SEE ALSO
.B
ghb-init(1) ghb-status(1) ghb-issues(1)
.SH GHB
Part of
.BR ghb(1)
suite
