.TH GHB 1 "GHB Mannual" "" "GitHub in Terminal"
.SH NAME
ghb \- A command line tool to fetch and update GitHub Issue and Pull Request from terminal
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ghb
.IR [COMMAND | -v | --version | -h | --help]
.SH DESCRIPTION
GHB is a command line tool to fetch, view, modify and add Issues or Pull Requests on GitHub from user's terminal (or command prompt).
.PP
.B Features:
.IP \(bu 4
Display GitHub issues and pull requests in terminal.
.IP \(bu 4
Supports markdown to make it look realistic.
.IP \(bu 4
Search issues/pull requests using id, label or state.
.IP \(bu 4
Caching results for future use in offline mode.
.IP \(bu 4
Provided auto-completion script for ease of usage.
.SH OPTION
.TP
.IR
COMMANDS
- This can be either of
.B
init, status, issues
or
.B
pulls.
See the respective man-pages for more details.
.TP
.IR
-v, --version
- Output the current version of the software.
.TP
.IR
-h, --help
- Print help message with usage information for the software.
.SH VERSION
.B 1.4.0
- For more details: https://www.npmjs.com/package/ghb
.SH LICENSE
.B Copyright © 2017 Progyan Bhattacharya, Bytes Club
.PP
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
.PP
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.
.PP
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
.SH SEE ALSO
.B
ghb-init(1) ghb-status(1) ghb-issues(1) ghb-pulls(1)
.SH GHB
Part of
.BR ghb(1)
suite
